this is a thing which I've been racking
my brains about a little bit recently um
because I know and you know people come
and say you know you need to have some
sort of you need to give people action
an actionable ability at the end of the
video because people watch the video and
they're like oh my God this is terrible
we need to do something we need to do
something and I'm aware obviously we've
got a we've got an election coming up
this year a good friend of mine sent me
this week um he sent me like a email
which is like this is how you find out
who your MP is and this is how you this
is a like a stock
uh letter you can write to a
conservative MP or to a labor MP or to a
liberal Democrat MP or to a an S&P MP if
we get 10,000 people writing to their
MPS it will definitely make a difference
like you know and you can put you can
put my name on it you can put Gary's
economics on it you know that that will
help me to maybe get sway with these
guys um but yeah that's something we
need to think about you know and as this
as we sort of grow as a movement how can
we provide people with like more
concrete ways to get involved and more
concrete actions and yeah yeah we'll
think about it more